Cleanup the Polly.Core README.md (#1539)
App-vNext/Polly: src/Polly.Core/README.md

# Polly V8 API Documentation

The Polly V8 API offers a unified, non-allocating resilience API, detailed in the sections below.

## Introduction

At the core of Polly V8 is the [`ResiliencePipeline`](ResiliencePipeline.cs) class, responsible for executing user code. This class handles all scenarios covered in Polly V7, such as:

- `ISyncPolicy`
- `IAsyncPolicy`
- `ISyncPolicy<T>`
- `IAsyncPolicy<T>`

```csharp
public abstract class ResiliencePipeline
{
    public void Execute(Action callback);

    public TResult Execute<TResult>(Func<TResult> callback);
    
    public Task ExecuteAsync(Func<CancellationToken, Task> callback, CancellationToken cancellationToken = default);
    
    public Task<TResult> ExecuteAsync(Func<CancellationToken, Task<TResult>> callback, CancellationToken cancellationToken = default);
    
    public ValueTask ExecuteAsync(Func<CancellationToken, ValueTask> callback, CancellationToken cancellationToken = default);
    
    public ValueTask<TResult> ExecuteAsync(Func<CancellationToken, ValueTask<TResult>> callback, CancellationToken cancellationToken = default);
    

>     // Other methods are omitted for simplicity

Reviewer: The snippet renders with a horizontal scrollbar due to the length of some of the method declarations. Maybe for readability we should spread the parameters onto new lines like below?

```csharp
public ValueTask<TResult> ExecuteAsync(
    Func<CancellationToken, ValueTask<TResult>> callback,
    CancellationToken cancellationToken = default);
```

}
```

The [`ResilienceContext`](ResilienceContext.cs) is defined as follows:

```csharp
public sealed class ResilienceContext
{
    public string? OperationKey { get; }
    public CancellationToken CancellationToken { get; }
    public bool ContinueOnCapturedContext { get; }
    public ResilienceProperties Properties { get; }
}
```

> The `ResiliencePipeline` class unifies the four different policies currently in use by Polly, enabling user actions to be executed via a single API. This class offers various methods to handle different scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ResiliencePipeline` class unifies the four different policies that were available in Polly v7, enabling user actions to be executed via a single API. This class offers various methods to handle different scenarios:
```

- Synchronous methods without a return value.
- Synchronous methods that return a value.
- Asynchronous methods without a return value.
- Asynchronous methods that return a value.

> [Note]

> > Polly also provides a `ResiliencePipeline<T>` class. This specialized pipeline is useful for scenarios where the consumer is concerned with only a single type of result.

Reviewer: This isn't rendering as a GitHub note.

### Example: Synchronous `Execute` Method

> For instance, the synchronous `Execute` method is implemented as follows:

Reviewer: Do we need to explain this implementation detail to consumers?

Author: Nope, let's drop this section we don't need that much detail.

}
```

In the example above:

- A `ResilienceContext` object is rented from the pool.
- The execution mode information is stored by setting `IsSynchronous` and `ResultType` properties on the context.
- The user callback is passed in and the `state` parameter is used to avoid closure allocation.
- Execution is blocked until completion.
- The `ResilienceContext` is returned to the pool.

## Resilience Strategies

> The resilience pipeline may consist of single or multiple individual resilience strategies. Polly V8 categorizes resilience strategies into the following building blocks:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resilience pipeline may consist of one or more individual resilience strategies. Polly v8 categorizes resilience strategies into the following building blocks:
```

        ResilienceContext context, 
        TState state)
    {
        // Perform actions before execution

        var outcome = await callback(context, state).ContinueOnCapturedContext(context.ContinueOnCapturedContext);

        // Perform actions after execution

        return outcome;
    }
}
```

### About Synchronous and Asynchronous Executions

Polly's core, from version 8, fundamentally focuses on asynchronous executions. However, it also supports synchronous executions, which require minimal effort for authors developing custom resilience strategies. This support is enabled by passing and wrapping the synchronous callback provided by the user into an asynchronous one, which returns a completed `ValueTask` upon completion. This feature allows custom resilience strategies to treat all executions as asynchronous. In cases of synchronous execution, the method simply returns a completed task upon awaiting.

## Creating a `ResiliencePipeline`

> The API exposes the following builder classes for creating resilience pipelines:

Reviewer: Have we defined what a resilience pipeline is before we show someone how to make one?

Author: Yes, in the `Introduction` section

- [`ResiliencePipelineBuilder`](ResiliencePipelineBuilder.cs): Useful for creating resilience strategies capable of executing any type of callback. Typically, these strategies are focused on exception handling.
- [`ResiliencePipelineBuilder<T>`](ResiliencePipelineBuilder.TResult.cs): Aimed at creating generic resilience strategies that execute callbacks returning a specific result type.
- [`ResiliencePipelineBuilderBase`](ResiliencePipelineBuilderBase.cs): This serves as the base class for both of the builders mentioned above. It can be used as a target for strategy extensions compatible with either of the two.

To construct a resilience pipeline, chain various extensions on the `ResiliencePipelineBuilder` and conclude with a `Build` method call.

> **For a non-generic pipeline:**

Reviewer: Let's make this a heading, rather than bold.

```csharp
var pipeline = new ResiliencePipelineBuilder()
    .AddRetry(new())
    .AddCircuitBreaker(new())
    .AddTimeout(new TimeoutStrategyOptions() { ... })
    .Build();
```

> **For a generic pipeline:**

Reviewer: +1

- [**Timeout**](Timeout/): Provides guidance on implementing a non-reactive resilience strategy.
- [**Extensibility Sample**](../../samples/Extensibility/): Offers a practical example of creating a custom resilience strategy.

## Resilience Strategy Delegates

Individual resilience strategies make use of several delegate types:

- **Predicates**: Vital for determining whether a resilience strategy should handle the given execution result.
- **Events**: Triggered when significant actions or states occur within the resilience strategy.
- **Generators**: Invoked when the resilience strategy needs specific information or values from the caller.

Recommended signatures for these delegates are:

**Predicates**

- `Func<Args<TResult>, ValueTask<bool>>` (Reactive)

**Events**

- `Func<Args<TResult>, ValueTask>` (Reactive)
- `Func<Args, ValueTask>` (Non-Reactive)

**Generators**

- `Func<Args<TResult>, ValueTask<TValue>>` (Reactive)
- `Func<Args, ValueTask<TValue>>` (Non-Reactive)

These delegates accept either `Args` or `Args<TResult>` arguments, which encapsulate event information. Note that all these delegates are asynchronous and return a `ValueTask`.

> [!NOTE]

> > When setting up delegates, consider using the `ResilienceContext.ContinueOnCapturedContext` property if your user code interacts with a synchronization context (as in asynchronous UI applications like Windows Forms or WPF).

Reviewer: +1 to note

### Delegate Arguments

For non-reactive strategies, the `Args` structure might resemble:

```csharp
public readonly struct OnTimeoutArguments
{
    public OnTimeoutArguments(ResilienceContext context, TimeSpan timeout)
    {
        Context = context;
        Timeout = timeout;
    }

>     public ResilienceContext Context { get; } // Always include the Context property

Reviewer: Rather than needing a comment, feels like we should have some sort of type constraint so that it has to be implemented. I know we used to have something and it's been removed, but it seems weird that if this is needed we have to ask someone to provide it like duck-typing, rather than some sort of interface or constraint.

Author: I don't have  any idea how to do it except introducing something like `IResilienceArguments` again.

I have changed the wording, none of these are a "must", it's just a recommendation.

    public TimeSpan Timeout { get; } // Additional event-related properties
}
```

For reactive strategies, `Args<TResult>` could look like:

```csharp
public readonly struct OnRetryArguments<TResult>
{
    public OnRetryArguments(ResilienceContext context, Outcome<TResult> outcome, int attemptNumber)
    {
        Context = context;
        Outcome = outcome;
        AttemptNumber = attemptNumber;
    }

    public ResilienceContext Context { get; } // Always include the Context property

>     public Outcome<TResult> Outcome { get; } // Include the event-associated outcome

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    public Outcome<TResult> Outcome { get; } // Includes the event-associated outcome
```
